[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a horror film in the
mouth of madness
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
someday in new york city while
struggling and keeping claiming that
he's not gone insane
a special patient trent is dragged to a
psychiatric hospital
and put into confinement where he begins
to draw mysterious symbols on the wall
in his clothes
the psychiatric doctor visits this
special patient later
and trent recounts his whole story
before that
trent as a freelance insurance
investigator has solved many tough cases
for an insurance company
as a result the owner asked trent to
investigate a claim by his largest
insured publishing company
during their conversation however trent
is attacked by a man
breaking the glass window with an axe
and asking him if he reads sutter kane's
novel
but fortunately the man is shot dead by
a police officer
before he can harm trent later that
night
the tv news reports the big chaos caused
by kane's crazy fans
who are fighting on the street to get
his newly released book
however trent doesn't want to take the
chaos seriously
which he believes is just a stump
planned by the publishing company
to promote the sales on his first day of
investigation
trent meets the publishing director who
explains that their superstar [ __ ]
novelist sutter kane
disappears with a novel unfinished and
the assaulter he met yesterday
is actually kane's agent who won insane
and attacked people
after reading his books the director
demands trent find out the missing
novelist
and recover the manuscript for the final
novel
an editor girl is then assigned to
accompany him for any backup
despite being told that kane's horror
stories have been known to cause
disorientation and memory loss
trend is skeptical convinced that the
novelist's disappearance is just another
planned publicity stunt
out of curiosity trent checks the book
later that night
which however brings him into a series
of horrible dreams soon
where he's confronted by a group of
monstrous people and a haunted police
officer with his mutant face
with those six novels on the table trent
notices the red lines on their covers
which would align properly form the
outline of new york city
and mark a location of a town believing
that it may be a clue to find the
missing novelist
the two set out soon for the long
journey
in the daytime while trent drives the
car the editor girl drives his hormone
desires
in the night time while the editor girl
drives the car in turn
trent fake sleeps to drive her hormone
desires
causing her to crash into a cyclist with
a horrible mutant face
who however recovers to normal soon and
leaves into the dark
they continue their way later but only
find that the car is floating high up in
the sky
and headed to a dark tunnel before they
arrive at the other side in daylight
but to her surprise trent seems unable
to recall anything that happened last
night
in huge confusion the other girl insists
on switching with trent
thinking that she's more skilled to
drive hormone rather than the car
they soon reach the small town but only
discover that there are few inhabitants
around
realizing people in the landmarks there
are exactly the same
as those depicted in the horror novels
the ender girl is convinced that they
have been brought into the novel plots
trent however believes that this whole
place is just a theme park
merged with the novel elements
intentionally to promote sales of those
novel series
right during their argument they happen
to see some town folks
gather up before the church with weapons
and a man to return their children
as the gate flashes open the long
missing novelist kane
appears suddenly with his creepy smiles
towards the town folks
who were subsequently attacked by the
violent hounds and struggled to flee
away
after making his way to the hotel room
trent bursts into anger
and blames the inner girl in the
publishing company for their over
promotion
admitting that the company's claim was
actually meant to promote the novels
though
the editor girl claims that what's
happening here is not part of their plan
they're now living in the real novel
plots while trent is trying to work on
the whole thing in a bar one night
a guy comes to warn him to leave the
town as soon as possible
for the novelist has taken control of
all the town
on the other side the editor girl drives
to church
attempting to confront the novelist
she's then horrified by the cheerless
church with its creepy decorations
and meets the novelist who reveals that
the plots in his novels are not
fictional but real
they are all created by the monsters
behind the door
team forces to expose her to his final
novel in the mouth of madness
which drives her insane instantly under
the hallucination
she begins embracing and kissing the
monsters novelist passionately
but without hormone let go the next
morning
the editor girl struggles to come back
and warns friend never to watch the
final novel
before she loses her consciousness trent
wants to find the hotel owner for help
but is horrified to see the hotel owner
already turned into an octopus sheep
monster
is killing her husband he rushes back
into panic
and finds the recovered editor girl who
has actually changed to the same kind of
monster
he rushes to get his car trying to flee
out of this hell quickly
but right then he sees the monsters town
people surround the editor girl for some
mysterious sacrificial ceremony
in fear of the coming attack he hides in
the bar and finds the same man
who keeps warning him to leave before
committing suicide
seeing the town people are approaching
while back on the street
trent knocks out the editor girl and
carries her into the car
he then races out quickly moments later
however
he's stopped by the same bizarre cyclist
on the way
he gets out for check but only gets
frightened to find the monstrous editor
girl
what's worse later he discovers that no
matter how hard he tries
he's repeatedly teleported back to the
center of town
with no better choice he runs the car at
its full speed towards the monsters
but ends up crashing the car and losing
his consciousness
trent awakens inside the church with the
editor girl the novelist explains that
the public's belief in his stories would
free an ancient race of monstrous beings
which will reclaim the earth eventually
what's more
trent is also one of his characters in
the novel and his mission is to follow
the plot and return the manuscript of in
the mouth of madness to the publishing
company
furthering the end of humanity it's also
revealed that his agent
who wanted to kill trent previously and
read the final manuscript
and intended to stop trent from taking
it back for publishing
the novelist tears his face open showing
a dark tunnel and roaring monsters
inside
trent gets the manuscript from the
editor girl and races down the hall with
the monsters close on his heels
he trips and falls then suddenly finds
himself lying on a country road in the
daytime
revealing that he's brought back to
reality he drops the manuscript before
taking a ride back to the city
but only finds that it's soon sent back
to him by mail
believing that it's a real evil curse
right now he burns it into ash quickly
later as trent tells the company
director his adventures in that town
and warns him not to publish that novel
to his shock
the director tells him there's no such
editor girl in the company
he's just sent alone to find kane and
the manuscript was delivered by him
months earlier
what's more the novel in the mouth of
madness has been on sale for weeks
with a film adaptation in its
post-production
on the street while encountering a
reader of the newly released novel
who's bleeding from his mutant eyes
trent kills him with an axe
just like the agent did previously he
then gets arrested for insanity
and sent to the hospital after trent
finishes telling his story
the psychiatric doctor however judges it
a meaningless hallucination
later that night some unknown big chaos
seems to happen outside the asylum
the following morning trent wakes to
find the city trash
and people all gone it's shown that the
world has been taken over by monstrous
creatures
trent comes to a theater where he's
horrified to discover that
he's the main character in a film he
laughs hysterically
as he sees daniel cc as narrating his
film in the mouth of madness
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out